F17_lab03.md, before:

Blake Johnson, Fernando Mendoza

A) The game is based on hangman that takes in letters from the user and compares it to the letter of a word taken from a given text file. If the letter is not in the word, the game draws a parts of a human until the human is complete.

B)As a user I can enter only one letter at a time so that no error message appears. As a user I can click the hint button if I am stuck so that I recieve a free letter to input. As a user I can guess five wrong letter such that a wrong sixth guess will tell me I lost the game. 

C)The hangman program takes user input as long as the number of incorrect guesses is less than 6. After taking the input, the program will determine if the character guess or word guess is valid. If so, it will reveal that letter's position in the bottom of the hangman figure. If not, it will add another limp to the hanging man. Once the guesses are exhausted or the word is guessed, a graphic will pop up saying whether you won or lost.

D)As a user, after a whole word guess is made, i would like to add an output of previous whole word guesses so that the user can see what words have been guessed.  As a user, I would like to be able to make this game a two person game, such that one user can input a word to be guessed and the other user can try to guess the word.  As a user i would like to make the number of guesses scalable to the length of the word such that really long words are guessable without relying on the hint system.

E)The readme should have less information conveyed in paragraph style, and instead put the information in short, spaced out sentences with headings and subheadings. Overall, Readme quality is pretty good.

F)The build.xml file could use some serious revamping to show what each target and action does so that it can be easily deciphered without having in depth knowledge of the actual project. This could be done by adding comments to the code. These comments would not have to be on every line, but could still convey the meaning of bigger portions of the code.

G)There are easily enough issues with this project to allow at least 1000 points for this project.  There are a lot of under-the-hood reworking of the code that needs to be done to make the project run more efficiently and correctly factor out processes. For example, HangmanGUI.java could be broken down into separate classes to correctly be implemented using object oriented techniques.

H)

Commit message:

finished making changes to F17_lab03.md file

F17_lab03.md, after:

Blake Johnson, Fernando Mendoza

A) The game is based on hangman that takes in letters from the user and compares it to the letter of a word taken from a given text file. If the letter is not in the word, the game draws a parts of a human until the human is complete.

B)As a user I can enter only one letter at a time so that no error message appears. As a user I can click the hint button if I am stuck so that I recieve a free letter to input. As a user I can guess five wrong letter such that a wrong sixth guess will tell me I lost the game. 

C)The hangman program takes user input as long as the number of incorrect guesses is less than 6. After taking the input, the program will determine if the character guess or word guess is valid. If so, it will reveal that letter's position in the bottom of the hangman figure. If not, it will add another limp to the hanging man. Once the guesses are exhausted or the word is guessed, a graphic will pop up saying whether you won or lost.

D)As a user, after a whole word guess is made, i would like to add an output of previous whole word guesses so that the user can see what words have been guessed.  As a user, I would like to be able to make this game a two person game, such that one user can input a word to be guessed and the other user can try to guess the word.  As a user i would like to make the number of guesses scalable to the length of the word such that really long words are guessable without relying on the hint system.

E)The readme should have less information conveyed in paragraph style, and instead put the information in short, spaced out sentences with headings and subheadings. Overall, Readme quality is pretty good.

F)The build.xml file could use some serious revamping to show what each target and action does so that it can be easily deciphered without having in depth knowledge of the actual project. This could be done by adding comments to the code. These comments would not have to be on every line, but could still convey the meaning of bigger portions of the code.

G)There are easily enough issues with this project to allow at least 1000 points for this project.  There are a lot of under-the-hood reworking of the code that needs to be done to make the project run more efficiently and correctly factor out processes. For example, HangmanGUI.java could be broken down into separate classes to correctly be implemented using object oriented techniques.

H)Adding support for user word input initially https://github.com/UCSB-CS56-Projects/cs56-games-hangman/issues/70

I)The code is structured pretty well.  The classes are split up into different files, with the GUI, exception handling, and the game logic split up well so that each file serves the purpose of black box style formatting. With that being said, there are some issues with this especially in HangmanGUI, the code could be cleaned up and more helper functions added to simplify code. Despite these issues, the files' purposes are distinct in their purposes for example there is a file for handling exceptions, one for the GUI etc. The code is well-commented and variable names are descriptive.

J)There are some JUnit tests, however, they only test out a couple methods for the entire game. And of these tests, the only test that is extensive is testing for the single letter functionality to be working correctly. There is lots of oppertunity for much more testing.  Many different test cases can be implemented for the existing code as well as tests for additional features.
